chore: add blog post for filereader vuln (#2262)
electron/electronjs.org: data/blog/filereader-fix.md

---
title:  Chromium FileReader Vulnerability Fix
author: marshallofsound
date: '2019-03-07'
---

> A High severity vulnerability has been discovered inside Chrome affecting all software based on Chromium, including Electron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A High severity vulnerability has been discovered in Chrome which affects all software based on Chromium, including Electron.
```

This vulnerability has been assigned `CVE-2019-5786`.  You can read more about it in the [Chrome Blog Post](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2019/03/stable-channel-update-for-desktop.html).

Please note that Chrome has reports of this vulnerability being used in the wild so it is strongly recommended you upgrade Electron ASAP.

---

## Scope

This affects any Electron application that may run third-party or untrusted JavaScript.

## Mitigation

Affected apps should upgrade to a patched version of Electron.

We've published new versions of Electron which include fixes for this vulnerability:
  * [4.0.8](https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/tag/v4.0.8)
  * [3.1.6](https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/tag/v3.1.6)
  * [3.0.16](https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/tag/v3.0.16)
  * [2.0.18](https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/tag/v2.0.18)

> The latest version of Electron 5 was tracking Chromium 73 and therefore is already patched:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest beta of Electron 5 was tracking Chromium 73 and therefore is already patched:
```

---
title:  Chromium FileReader Vulnerability Fix
author: marshallofsound
date: '2019-03-07'
---

A High severity vulnerability has been discovered inside Chrome affecting all software based on Chromium, including Electron.

This vulnerability has been assigned `CVE-2019-5786`.  You can read more about it in the [Chrome Blog Post](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2019/03/stable-channel-update-for-desktop.html).

Please note that Chrome has reports of this vulnerability being used in the wild so it is strongly recommended you upgrade Electron ASAP.

---

## Scope

This affects any Electron application that may run third-party or untrusted JavaScript.

> 

Reviewer 2: nit: extra newline here
